fix: make isFocusedOrInFocused check shadow roots (#26207)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

 - Fixed a compatibility issue so that component test projects can use [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) version 4.2.0 and greater. Fixes [#26138](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26138).
 - Changed the way that Git hashes are loaded so that non-relevant runs are excluded from the Debug page. Fixes [#26058](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26058).

>  - When checking if an element is focused for `.type()` to determine whether to click, shadow roots are now traversed. Fixes [#26198](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26198).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Corrected the [`.type()`](https://docs.cypress.io/api/commands/type) command to account for shadow root elements when determining whether or not focus needs to be simulated  before typing. Fixes [#26198](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26198).
```

>  - Corrected the [`.type()`](https://docs.cypress.io/api/commands/type) command to account for shadow root elements when determining whether or not focus needs to be simulated  before typing. Fixes [#26198](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26198).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Corrected the [`.type()`](https://docs.cypress.io/api/commands/type) command to account for shadow root elements when determining whether or not focus needs to be simulated before typing. Fixes [#26198](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26198).
```
